In my seventeenth year, the winter of 1901, my father's mother, Lucinda Emmett Moffett came from Ogden, Utah to visit us. She remained until fall. It was nice to hear her relate experiences of her childhood, of the early Church happenings in Nauvoo, and of the hardships of crossing the plains and establishing homes in the barren lands of Utah. We all felt it was wonderful to have a grandmother visit us.

In August of this year my brothers Ben and Junius made a trip to the mountains for lumber with which to build a barn. When they arrived home we were happily surprised to find that they had brought quite a quantity of black walnuts. We sat that evening cracking walnuts and listening to the experiences of their trip. When we retired Junius made his bed on the kitchen floor, near the door where he could catch any breeze that might stir the hot, sultry air.

About eleven o'clock an electrical storm came up. During the storm a bolt of lightening struck the house, coming through the chimney, across the kitchen floor and out the door, leaving a large hole in the screen. It had traveled the length of Junius' body, leaving a large dark spot at the base of his skull. The storm had awakened Mother who ran to the kitchen just in time to witness the death of her son. His bed was on fire and his body was lifeless. This was on August 13, 1901.

Grandmother Moffett was still with us and this tragedy brought back to her memory several experiences with lightening in her early life, for she had been stunned by lightening at the time her eight-year-old brother James was killed as they stood together in a doorway. Also, she had been stunned two different times by lightening while crossing the plains. This sudden death of her grandson, by the same cause, upset her so she did not stay with us much longer, but returned to her home in Ogden, Utah.