Olive loved to sew, especially when I would help her use the sewing machine. One day I was helping her make a doll dress when I suddenly had to go see what was wrong with the cows. I told her not to use the machine until I got back, but she was impatient to go on with her sewing and did not mind me. Things went smoothly for a few stitches, then she failed to get her hand out of the way and the needle came down, going through the nail, bone and flesh of her right thumb. When I returned I found her crying with pain and fright and trying to pull the needle out, I tried, but could not budge it, so I had to leave her there, literally sewed to the machine, while I went for my father, two blocks away. He had to practically dismantle the machine before he could get at the needle to pull it out of her thumb. She was not a disobedient child, but, after this experience she was even more careful to do as she was told. This did not lessen her determination to learn to sew. She became a good dressmaker and has always enjoyed sewing.

This spring, a day or so before Olive's birthday, the subject of a party came up. I knew I would be busy as I had planned to extract our honey on that day. I explained to them that we would have a nice birthday party the next week. This did not satisfy the children, as I found out later.

About ten o'clock on the morning of Olive's birthday several children arrived. At first I thought they had just come to play and went on with my extracting. About eleven o'clock another group came, soon another. Reed and Olive then wanted to know when we were going to have the refreshments. They had gone all over town the afternoon before, inviting all their little friends.

I pushed aside my sticky job and supervised a cooky-making party that lasted the rest of the day, for my two youngsters had just given whatever time came into their heads when making the invitations. By about four-thirty the little guests stopped coming. Though the party had been a real success, thoroughly enjoyed by all, my children were disappointed because some of their little friends had not shown up. Later, I found that some of the mothers had refused to let their youngsters come because the time given was just too late.