One night Mother awakened with a start and seemed to see our cow choking. The premonition was so vivid she called to her son Junius that the cow was choking. Of course, Junius was awakened from a sound sleep and wonderingly asked her how she knew. But his mother's voice was so urgent he got up and went with her to the corral. Sure enough, the cow was nearly dead. It had rained and the rope around her neck had shrunk so much it was shutting off her breath. Mother cut it with the knife she had grabbed up on her way out. Junius asked many questions about the 'still small voice' and how its promptings should be heeded quickly, as mother and son returned to the house. It was an experience he never forgot.

Another night about this time, Mother dreamed of an old friend coming and asking how they were. She said they were all fine. Just then she seemed to see her daughter Della, who had died a few years before. She pointed to the baby and said, "But, Mother, see!" Mother awakened with a start and immediately checked on the baby. It had wiggled down under the covers and was almost smothered to death. By quickly heeding these promptings Mother averted many a tragedy in her family.

Others of our large family also were blessed by receiving and heeding such promptings. Norman loved to whittle, and often on cold, stormy nights, was allowed to use the 'sharp knife'. One evening he was sitting near the fire enjoying his hobby when Aunt Maria suddenly cried out, "Norman, move." He was so startled that he jumped up quickly, just in time to save his skull from being cracked open by a flatiron that fell from its nail above his head. The premonition of impending danger to the child had been so strong that Aunt Maria had heeded it although she could see no reason to disturb the boy when he was enjoying himself so quietly.

Norman has always remembered this instance and has profited many times by listening to and heeding the promptings of that 'still small voice'.