As a child I remember Mother being away from home so very much of the time. Though I knew she was out on missions of mercy, caring for the sick, I developed a feeling of resentment at being left without my mother so often. I determined I would never become a nurse to be called upon any hour of the day or night, regardless of whether my own needed me as much or more than the neighbors did. I have many times regretted this stand and wished I had followed in her footsteps, at least to the point where I could have cared for my own children in illness and accident with skill like hers. Many times people have spoken of her as an angel of mercy and have often asked me if I could remember how she treated certain cases of illness. I have felt embarrassed because I could not give the answers.

The memory of my mother has become dearer as I have looked back on her life and realized she was indeed an angel of mercy in these isolated pioneer settlements, where everyone looked to her for aid and consolation in times of sickness or accident. She never failed them, be they white or Mexican, regardless of their ability to pay or not.

One Conference time Mother was away from home as usual. My sister Laura and I decided to explore the 'pillbox'. It was such a fascinating, pretty pink box, filled with its many smaller pink boxes with their contents of pink pills of many sizes. We opened one and were enchanted by the glossy sugar coatings. We each took one. My, they tasted good! Another box was opened and we sampled them also. Box after box followed until we had sampled them all. Neither of us could remember taking a pill before and the experience was really exciting. Finally we carefully arranged the little boxes in the big one and put it back as we had found it. No one, especially Mother, must ever know what we had done.

That afternoon, as we sat in Conference meeting it seemed much hotter than usual, and it seemed our heads began to swell and ache and our eyes to water. If our heads kept swelling, surely they would push out the very walls! The room was much too small and so very hot. Aunt Maria noticed our flushed faces and borrowed a fan to cool us, but it had little effect. We soon began to ache all over and were two very miserable little girls. However, by the time meeting was over we felt better and soon forgot our troubles. It was lucky for us that those pills were not more potent. We didn't tell anyone about this, but both firmly resolved never to meddle with medicines again.