Horace had left home and later joined the Merchant Marines. He married
Priscilla Dean Bowman on May 2, 1942. They had a son, Gerald DeWayne.
He was such a cute little boy. Their marriage ended in divorce in 1947.
She got complete custody of Gerald and it wasn't long before
he was clear out of the family.

Horace moved around a lot and at times Mother didn't know where he
was. He finally settled down in Las Vegas where he worked as head
chef over salads in one of the big hotel restaurants. He married
Tanya Glendora Brookneli on October 10, 1958. Mother was so glad to
be in touch with him again, and to know that he had settled down.

Owen finished High School and soon joined the Army. He was real good
to write to the family which was really appreciated. He married
Bertha Lots Lawton on December l4, 1943. They were divorced in 1944.
Mother was so glad when he got out of the army and came home. Later
he was working in Yuma, Arizona, where he met and married Alma Lee
Martillono on January 9, 1950.

In the fall of l94l Mother went to San Francisco to visit Ammon's
family, He was working on a construction job in Alaska. He had his
clothes stolen and didn't get paid for two months. As a result he
had no money to send home. Goldie was almost ready to have her fourth
child and was unable to go to work, so Mother got a job in a laundry
to help out. She could never understand how a place could be
three-fourths uphill and only one-fourth downhill as it seemed San
Francisco was. She worked for two months. By that time Ammon had
things straightened out.

One day Mother and Ammon's three children were in the parked car while
Goldie did an errand. David decided he was big enough to drive. The
keys had been left in the ignition and the car was in gear. He started
the car and 'drove' it across a parking lot, across the street and
into the wall of a building. It really shocked Mother and Goldie, but
the kids thought it was great that David could drive now. No one was
hurt. Mother was so very thankful for the presence of all the Guardian
Angels, but she had real sympathy for them as she knew how over-worked
they must be to keep watch over those three grandchildren in all their
escapades.

Goldie's mother came to be with her when the baby was born, so Mother
came home. The baby was a chubby little boy. They named him Robert Ammon.

While Olive was living in Santa Monica. Mother went to visit her
several times. She enjoyed those bus rides, watching the scenery and
the people.

On one visit she decided to go see Bernard and his wife who were
living in Daly City, just out of San Francisco. She was so happy
about Bernard being married and settled down. He had been such a
wanderer and so lax in letting her know where and how he was. She
had prayed continually for his safety and happiness.

After a very nice visit with them she started back to Santa Monica.
The bus stopped at San Louis Obispo for a few minutes. She got off
and became mixed up in her directions, and missed the bus. She didn't
get a bit flustered, just asked at the information desk what she was
supposed to do. They took care of her until they got in touch with
Olive and the Phillips, Olive's friends, who drove up there and picked
her up. She was very glad to see friends and family.

In 1941 Leola got Reed to help her get Mother a Butane gas stove to
replace the old wood-burning range she had used since leaving Mexico
in 1928. She really enjoyed that gas stove for its convenience and
not having the house so hot in the summer> but she always missed the
cozy warmth of her old wood-burning range in the winter.

The next year Leola, Obbie and girls moved in with Mother for about a
year. They had rented their home to a couple who were in the Service.
During the war rentals were scarce and the rent paid for them was high.

Mother enjoyed her granddaughters and the girls enjoyed her. She was
always doing something with them and far them. They were always
welcome to all the homemade bread and jam they wanted. Mother could
never understand why Patty hated the breakfast 'mush' so much.

Reed Elmer spent a lot of time at Grandma's too. The three cousins
loved the big yard, the fruit and grapes that were so plentiful and
Mother's loving hospitality. They all loved to try to play the piano.
Mother always made all of her children and grandchildren very welcome
in her home. She really missed Leola and her family when they moved
back to their own home.

In the summer of 1943 Mother had a serious attack of eyeritis. Edward
and I had her stay with us for a while. She was really miserable and
needed care. She stayed with us for several weeks. Her eyes were bad
for quite a while.

On February 28, 1944 I had a baby girl. We named her Karren Kathleen.
Mother stayed with me for two days. She always enjoyed tending a new
baby. She was especially happy about this one as Edward and I had
waited so long for a child.

In September of that same year Mother got a letter explaining the
Home Missionary Program in the Maricopa Stake. She was really
interested in it.

She was called, to fill a Home Mission on July 28, 1946 and set apart
for this work on August 4, 1946. She really put her heart into her
missionary work. She was released, with high honors, on December
31, 1946. We were all very proud of her. She later filled another
Home Mission, from September 1948 through January of 1949.

Late in 1944 Olive came from California for a visit. This pleased
Mother as she always liked to have her children near her. We had a
family dinner at Leola's and were all there except Bernard. Mother
did so enjoy anything like that.

In 1947 Edward and. I moved into Mother's two back rooms. Edward
remodeled them into an apartment and built another bathroom. Mother
was really happy about it as she would have a little income from
renting it.

We lived there two years. While there our son, William Edward Jr.,
was born, November 25, 1947. Mother was so happy to have another
grandchild. Shee always felt a little cheated on the number of
grandchildren she had. She figured she should have had many more from
the eight children she raised, but was very thankful for the ones she
did have.

After we moved. Mother rented the apartment to a couple named LeBaron.
We were all glad that she wasn't living alone in that big house.

On December 8, 1949, I had another baby girl. We named her Sandra Lynn.
Mother wasn't feeling too well at the time as she was just getting over
a bout with the flu. She insisted on coming to our home and helping
with the new baby. Knowing how she loved new babies and how much it
meant to her to be with each new grandchild, we accepted her offer.
She really enjoyed bathing, holding and cuddling Sandy.