_In 1950 Owen brought his new wife, Alma, to meet Mother and all the
family, We all liked her and really hoped they would be happy. Mother
was so glad when they decided to buy a home in Phoenix and not
farther away._

_In 1951 Leola and Reed talked Mother into selling her home. She went
along with them but often felt very insecure in not having a home
of her own. Once in a while, as she got older, she would say, "I have
no home of my own."_

_Ammon and Goldie and their four children, David, Peggy, Richard and
Robert, were living in Visalia, California. Mother told them she was
going to sell her home. They bought it over the phone and moved into
it real soon. She was very pleased that the home would stay in the
family. She lived with them for three months while Reed had a small
house moved onto the back of his lot and got it ready for her. It was
a very comfortable little house and she really enjoyed it._

_She was thankful to be near Reed and his family. He had given her many
hours of worry and anxiety as he was growing up, but she felt her
prayers had been answered when she could see him happily settled down
with his family. They were all so very thoughtful and kind to her._

_She was also happy to be so near Ammon and his family, just through the
lot. She always felt welcome in her old home which made it much easier
on her than if someone, not of the family, was living there._

_Mother enjoyed her grandchildren very much and was so pleased to have
Ammon's four and Reed's one close enough to her so she could see some
of them every day._

_All the grandchildren enjoyed spending a day with Mother. Leola's
daughter Patty and my daughter Sandra were the ones who seemed to
enjoy this more than the others. Mother would always make noodles,
cookies, bread and other things with them. It was really a treat to
go to Grandma's for the day._

_Reed Elmer was very thoughtful of Mother, so often dropping in to see
if she needed anything, etc. He loved her cookies, but, knowing how she
never threw anything edible away, he once told her, “These cookies are
good, Grandma, but please don't tell me what's in them."_

_Richard wanted to make his Grandma as comfortable as possible. He figured
out a buzzer system between her house and Reed's so she and Reina could
communicate, to a certain extent, without even going outside. It saved a
lot of goings and comings between the two houses._

**MOTHER'S WRITINGS**

When I was all settled in my little home I decided to visit Olive who
was living in Salt Lake City.

One afternoon we went shopping in ZCMI. Of course, I visited the
needlework department, as I was always so interested in any handwork,
especially crocheting. I wanted to see if I could learn something new
about it or anything else. The instructor was teaching netting, the
first I had seen since my childhood. I watched a while then decided to
learn. I bought the set and learned the basic knots before we went home.
I worked on it all evening and finally finished the first little doily
in the instruction book.

I had seen a woman netting when I was almost six years old. How I did
want to learn that art, but I had no netting needle, etc., and no way
to get one. This longing stayed with me all these years, so I was really
happy for this chance to learn. I have made many beautiful articles
since then for my dear ones.

I spent quite a bit of time with Olive during the next few years. She was
living very near the Temple and center of town. I enjoyed doing Temple
work, walking around the beautiful Temple grounds, and window shopping.

**PEARL'S WRITINGS**

_The next years were very happy ones in Mother's life. Her children all
visited her and had her in their homes a lot. She really enjoyed watching
her grandchildren grow up. She felt so blessed to have five of her
grandsons fill good missions, and was so happy to be able to help each
one with a little money each month. This was really hard for her to do
as she had such a limited income. She never felt it a hardship at all.
It was such a joy to her to be able to do it._

_Another thing that brought her great happiness was the Temple being
close enough to make it possible for her to attend sessions whenever
she wanted to._

_She and Reina spent many happy hours together doing fancy work, going
window shopping, working in the yard, and just visiting. Mother was
always glad she was close by while Reed Elmer was on his Mission. Reina
would get quite lonesome for him and she felt her presence helped ease
that loneliness._

_She got a real kick out of Reina's parrot, Lorita. She taught her to
say, "Lorita, pajarita muy bonita, con plumas verde." Interpreted this
means, Lorita is a very pretty little bird with green feathers._

_She visited Ammon and his family in her old home quite often. Goldie was
taking care of quite a few little children so she couldn't go to see
Mother very often, but she managed to do many nice things for her._

_Owen and Alma came to visit her quite often. Many times they would take
her home with them for a few days. Mother loved their beautiful yard
with all its trees, flowers and shrubbery. I don't think there was ever
anyone who loved growing things and all nature, especially trees, more
than she did._

_Mother loved to look nice. Leola made sure she had enough clothes. Many
times she would buy material for a dress, slip or jacket and I would
make them for her, which pleased her very much._

_Early in 1953 Olive came for a few weeks to help with the work in the
Arizona Temple Office. At the time of the Temple President, Harry L.
Payne's death, several phases of the office work got behind. Olive had
worked in this office for several years, so her boss at the Genealogical
Society in Salt Lake City felt she would be the best one to send to help
them out._

_In March her gentleman friend, Thomas E. Hall, brought Mother's brother
Norman and his wife Leah for a visit. Mother teased Tom about his being
afraid Olive wouldn't come back so he came to get her. Mother had already
become well acquainted with him during her last visit in Salt Lake City.
We all liked him very much._

_We had a big family get-together. Everyone met at Mother's home, then
went out on the desert for a picnic, and back to Mother's to visit. Most
of the family members were there. We all had a fun day, especially Mother
who always loved family gatherings._

**MOTHER'S WRITINGS**

In October of 1953 my daughter Olive was married in the Logan Temple.
I was with her at the time but returned to Mesa right after their
marriage. She married a good man, Thomas E. Hall.  He was always so
good to me, seeing to my every comfort whenever I visited them.  I
learned to love and respect him very much and missed him so when he
passed away in January 1974.

In the fall of 1959, while visiting with them, Olive and I went to Los
Angeles to be in the Temple with Bernard and Margaret when they were
sealed. To know that they were properly sealed as husband and wife made
me very happy.

While on another visit with Olive and Tom, she and I went to Las Vegas
to visit Horace and his wife Peggy.  He was very ill with stomach ulcers.
This visit wasn't very pleasant, but, at least I got to see my son and
let him know that I loved him.

**OLIVE'S WRITING**

_In the summer of 1955 my friends, Gladys and Bert Phillips, came to visit
us. Mother was with us then, also. The Phillips were going on to
Steamboat Springs, Colorado to visit Gladys' friends, Lilly and Harry
Thompson. They invited us to go with them._

_It was a beautiful drive. We took several short side-trips to see some of
the points of interest that were off the highway. Mother enjoyed every
moment of this trip._

_The Thompsons owned a large cattle ranch, situated on low, rolling
hills. They had a good-sized pond stocked with trout in a little dale
not far from their home. There was a nice rowboat close at hand so Tom,
Mother and I rowed out to try our luck at fishing. Tom caught a nice one
and was explaining to Mother how to tell if she had a bite, when she
said, "I think there is a fish on my hook." Tom helped her reel it in -
a seventeen-inch beauty._

_Mrs. Thompson cooked it special for her, saying she was to eat all of
it she could enjoy. She didn't eat much else that meal, but finished
about half of that fish with relish._

_This was the first, last and only fish she ever caught. It was a real
thrill for her._

_We went sight-seeing over the huge ranch and to many nearby scenes of
beauty, heard the Steamboat Springs whistle and saw deer and other
wild animals. We swam in some warm springs several times and couldn't
cease to wonder at the great array of wild flowers on every side._

_On our trip home we stopped to watch a geyser put on its beautiful
show. Mother wished it could have repeated its performance right away,
but there would be several hours before the next one so we had to be
content with just that one show._

_After a day or so of rest and sight-seeing around Salt Lake City,
Gladys and Bert returned to their home in Santa Monica, California._

**PEARL'S WRITING**

_In 1957 Owen and Alma adopted a newborn baby boy.  They named him
Barrel Dean.  This made Mother's visits with them twice as happy. 
She was so glad to have another little grandson._

_Reed put another little house by the one Mother was living in.  When
Reed Elmer married, he and his new wife, LaVerne, moved into it. 
Mother enjoyed their company and really loved LaVerne.  She was
especially glad to have them near as Reed and Reina had moved to
Phoenix so he could be closer to his business._