**MOTHER'S WRITING**

While on a visit to Salt Lake City in 1961 my sister Lula Millett came
up to see our brother Norman in Ogden. My sister Zeila Ware was
living in Salt Lake. Tom and Olive took us up to Ogden where the four
of us had a good visit.  This was the last time we were together, as
Zeila died August 31, 1963.  I had spent quite a bit of time with
Zeila whenever I was in Salt Lake City, so I missed her very much.

On August 23, 1961, while still in Ogden, we had a picture taken of
the four of us.  We were the last living of my mother's nine children. 

One night in January of 1964 I was babysitting the neighbor's children.
My little house was too cold.  Something was wrong with the heating
system, so I took the children into Reed's house and put them to bed. 
I started back to my house to get something when one of the children
began to cry.  I went back to see what was the matter.  When I looked
back at my house it was ablaze.  The neighbors called the fire
department and Reed.  He called Ammon and Goldie, and Leola.  They
got there real quick. Reed and Reina had moved to Phoenix, so he could
be closer to his business. They got there as soon as possible.

The fire department men and equipment arrived very soon, but no one
could do much to save anything because the whole house was ablaze.

One neighbor boy ran through the flames, grabbed my old trunk by its
handle and dragged it to safety. He said afterwards that he just had
to save something for me. That trunk was the most precious thing in
the house, as it had all my records, pictures and family treasures in it.
It was an old metal trunk with wooden slats around it and heavy leather
trim. That was why its contents were not destroyed, though many of the
pictures and papers were scorched.

It was a horrible experience to see all I owned go up in flames, but
the knowledge that the children I was babysitting were safe made it a
lot easier.

My family were all so very good to me. I stayed with Ammon until Reed
and Leola got me settled in a very nice little apartment in back of my
mother's old home on East Second Avenue. It was very comfortable and a
little closer to the Temple. I lived there until March of 1966.

**PEARL'S WRITING**

_Mother really liked being taken to Church and school programs, especially
when her grandchildren were performing. Leola and Goldie were so good
to take her grocery shopping and to town. She loved to go anywhere,
anytime._

_She looked forward to her visits with Owen and Alma. She really enjoyed
Darrell. He was such a well-mannerd, thoughtful little boy.  She always
enjoyed her visits with Reed and Reina, too._

_In 1964, Olive, Tom, Tom's brother Mark and his wife Vilate, came for a
visit.  They really did some sightseeing, taking Mother everywhere with
them.  The thing she enjoyed the most was when all of them, and Leola
and family, went to Tucson and Binghampton.  It brought back all her
old memories, which was nice, but she said, "I am glad I don't have to
live it all over again."  We were all happy to meet Mark and Vilate and
enjoyed their company very much._

_In 1965, the last part of April, Ammon was killed in an accident at work.
He was working on the roof of a schoolhouse when a beam collapsed.  He
fell, hitting his head on the cement floor, killing him instantly.  It
was a real tragedy, coming so suddenly with no warning at all._

_Olive and Tom came for the funeral and stayed a few days afterward._

_Mother really missed Ammon. He had been so kind and thoughtful of her,
and had done so many things to make her life more comfortable since he
moved back from California. She seemed to miss him the most when she
saw his empty chair, so Goldie had it recovered in a completely different
color. The chair didn't seem to bother her much after that._

_By 1965 seven of Mother's grandchildren were married. Most of them were
married in the Temple, which pleased her very much. She was so proud of
all her grandchildren and so happy with the great grandchildren she was
getting._

_That year Leola was operated on for breast cancer. She had to have her
left breast removed. Mother felt so bad through it all because there
wasn't a thing she could do to make it easier for Leola._

_Reed and Reina were living in Phoenix where he had a lawnmower business.
They would visit Mother and often took her home with them for a weekend
visit. They had been called to work in the Temple, and Reed had been set
apart as a sealer. She was very proud of them. They were especially
called to work with the Spanish speaking people, but often took part
in English speaking companies as well._

_In 1967 Mother went to Olive's to be with her after she had breast
surgery, her left breast had to be removed. Mother stayed with her
until she was up and around, then went to Ogden to visit her brother,
Norman. His wife, Leah, wasn't at all well, so Mother stayed to help
out for a while. She ended staying there until Leah died and for quite
some time afterwards._

_She and Norman had always been very close. They really got along well
together. They loved to take long walks, talking and enjoying the
beauties of nature. She loved Norman's yard. He had everything growing
every which way, so it looked like an extra beautiful wild spot._

_When Mother would go to Salt Lake City to visit Olive, or to Mesa to
visit her other children, Norman was just lost until she came back._

_Whenever she came to Mesa the children would always have a big family
get-together, sometimes at one of the homes and sometimes at one of the
parks. Everyone enjoyed these parties as it was about the only time some
of us ever got to see each other._

_The grandchildren and great grandchildren loved Mother's visits. They
enjoyed listening to the stories she would tell of her childhood. She
always felt royally treated, no matter whose home she was in._

_She decided to make her permanent home with Norman. Reed had been paying
rent on her apartment. Leola put a storage room in back of her house
and moved all of Mother's things into it._

_In February of 1967, while at Norman's Mother had a nasty fall on her
face. It really shook her up. Olive and Tom took her to their home
until she got over it. She looked like a beaten up prize fighter._

_On Mother's Day of this year she was with Olive and Tom. At Church she
was honored as the oldest mother present. The daughter of one of Olive's
neighbors was honored as the youngest mother present. They were given
beautiful orchid corsages and the neighbor, Dave Krannendonk, took
their pictures._

_Also, on May 14, Mother's 84th birthday, Leola arranged so all of her
children, everywhere, could talk on their phones to her at the same
time. That was really something. Mother talked about it for a long time._