_Over the next few years, Mother had several bouts with the flu and
kidney infections. She would get so very sick. Her faith at those times
was beautiful. She always knew that the Lord's will would be done._

_She visited her children in Mesa and Phoenix, and Olive in Salt Lake
City, but spent most of her time ln Ogden with Norman._

_In June of 1971 my husband, Edward, passed away. Mother, Olive, Tom,
Tom's daughter Leia and granddaughter Anna came to the funeral. They
all enjoyed visiting many scenic spots in the valley before going back._

_Mother seemed extra tired all of the time. The others left on June 15,
but Mother stayed until June 23. She had a nice visit with Owen and
Alma. She really enjoyed hearing Darrell play the piano and just being
with them. She spent some time with Reed and Reina and renewed her
acquaintance with Lorita, the parrot. She was glad to get back to
Norman's. He did miss her so much whenever she was away._

_The family planned a big Home Evening party for her 90th birthday, May
14, 1973. She thought she would be able to come to it, but she fell
and sprained her hip so badly that she could not make the trip. We
went ahead with it anyway, taking a lot of pictures and taping the
songs, etc., for her._

_Just a few days after her birthday Bernard came to Salt Lake City to
visit her. Reed and Reina also were visiting her at that time. She
really enjoyed their visit. It did her a lot of good and seemed to
give her the spirit she needed to get back on her feet. She went back
to Norman's on the first of June._

_In that same month Leola and I drove to Olive's. We all went to visit
Mother and Norman. We had a nice visit with Norman's twins, Olive
and Orin, also. We took Mother back to Salt Lake City with us, much
against Norman's wishes. He was real glad when, three days later, Leola
and I went home and she went back to his home. He had called real often
to see when she was coming back._

_In August of 1973 Leola bought material for Mother a Temple dress. I
made it. It turned out just beautiful. She really loved it, but never
wore it. She didn't say so, but we knew she was saving it for her burial._

_On September of that year, Mother, Tom, Olive, Tom's daughter Mary
and granddaughter Anna came for a visit, and to help in the Temple
sealing of Edward and me. We all went to the Temple one evening, Edward
and I were sealed, then we had Eddie sealed to us. Reed did the
sealing. Mother was so happy about it all, and so very proud of Reed._

_We had a big family get-together in a park, which Mother enjoyed very
much. Everyone came, which made it a large crowd. Everyone, from the
oldest of us to the youngest, paid special attention to Mother. It was
a very special evening for her._

_Mother, with the others from Utah, had a nice time while they were
here, did a lot of visiting and sightseeing. They were with us for a week._

_On January 11, 1974, Tom died very suddenly. It was a terrible shock to
all of us. Mother missed him so very much. He had always been so kind
and thoughtful of her. He called her 'Sister Done'. The way he said
it showed so much respect and love._

_Soon after Tom's death Olive brought Mother to Salt Lake City to live
with her. Mother and Norman were getting quite old and forgetful.
Norman's daughter-in-law, June, had been checking on them once a day
to make sure of their safety and comfort. She was so good to Mother and
Mother loved her dearly. We all hated to have Mother and Norman parted,
but Mother's safety had to be considered. She was getting where she fell
so easily and her eyesight was failing. Norman was so lonely and lost
without her. He would call Olive several times a day and ask if it
wasn't time for 'Nellie' to come home._

_Mother and Olive came to Mesa for a visit April 16, 1974. On their way
they went to Las Vegas and visited Horace ard Peggy. It was a nice visit.
Mother was happy to see Horace again._

_Leola took her to Sunday School on Mother's Day. She was honored as the
oldest Mother there._

_We had a family picnic at Evergreen Park for Mother's birthday. We had
it the day before her birthday, Monday the 13th, so it would count as
Home Evening for all of us. Mother really enjoyed that picnic. All of
her great grandchildren were so interested in her, making sure she had
a good seat and plenty to eat._

_Olive went home on May 17th. Mother stayed till July 16th. She spent
quite a bit of time with Reed and Reina and had several visits with
Owen and Alma. All of the great grandchildren just couldn't get enough
of her stories about her childhood. This made Mother very happy._

_Mother really enjoyed flying. She said the only thing wrong with it
was, "I just get on the plane and settled in my seat when it is time
to get off in Phoenix or Salt Lake City."  It seemed so wonderful to
her to be able to get places so fast when she could remember how long
it used to take just get to town in a wagon._

_In July of 1974 Mother fell and broke some of her ribs.  She had quite
a time getting over that fall, it shook her up inside so badly.  Olive
was really worried about her, but, with her wonderful spirit and strong
heart, she finally got back on her feet._

_Mother came for a visit the last part of November 1974.  She had only
been here a few days when she came down with a really bad case of flu.
She was at her sister Lula's home.  Lula took good care of her, but
Mother was so bad she had to be put in the hospital.  We all figured
it was her time to go as she was so terribly ill, but were happily
surprised when she came out of it with flying colors._

_Just before Christmas we all went to Owen's.  We had a lovely visit
and a delicious dinner.  Alma is a fabulous cook.  Mother always said
that she didn't know when to stop eating when at one of Alma's meals._

_Darrell played the piano for us.  He is really good at it.  Mother was
so proud of him, and enjoyed her visit so much.  She went back to Olive's
January 22, 1975._

_Leola had been feeling bad for quite some time, but didn't say much
about it.  On January 27, 1975, she was operated on for cancerous
growths under her arm and down her side.  She was very ill for quite a
while. Mother wanted to be with her but figured she would be more of
a burden than help._

_In April of this year, Mother, Olive and Beth Hall, Tom's daughter-in-law,
came to the re-dedication of the Arizona Temple, April 15th.  It was
a beautiful service.  Mother was so glad to be able to attend it.  Reed,
as a set apart Temple worker, was able to get choice seats for Mother
and Olive.  They were in the Celestial Room, right in front of President
Kimball and the other visiting Authorities._

_My two young granddaughters treated Mother like a rare piece of
porcelain.  They would so carefully tuck her in for a nap and each
would hold one of her arms when she walked.  Mother got a real kick
out of them._

_They, and all the other small great grandchildren, wanted to help her
every move.  They all wished that their 'Great Grandma Done' could
stay here all the time.  She, Olive and Beth left for home April 18th._

_Mother didn't feel a bit well the month of July 1975.  She hadn't even
felt like going to Church.  Sunday morning, July 28, she woke up feeling
much better, went to Church and really enjoyed it.  All the other
elderly women in the Ward greeted her so warmly, saying they had really
missed her.  The Bishop paid special attention to her which made her
feel she was really loved._

_In the evening she stepped out onto the driveway for a breath of fresh
air.  She had only been out there a few minutes, when a neighbor man
came running and calling Olive to tell her that her mother had fallen.
They called the Paramedics and she was taken to the hospital._

_She had broken her collar bone and dislocated her neck.  The pain from
her broken collar bone was very bad, but the headache she had from her
neck was terrible.  The doctor didn't dare do anything with her neck
because her bones were so brittle.  He was afraid they would crumble,
making a bad situation much worse.  Mother suffered horribly with the
pain in her head.  She was given all the pain shots the doctor dared
to let her have, but they did very little good._

_Olive was with her all the time.  Leola and I both wanted to go to be
with her, also.  We decided that Leola would go as she wasn't working. 
She got almost ready, then started feeling so sick she just couldn't
go.  I went, arriving in Salt Lake City Wednesday, July 30th._

_I went right to the hospital.  Mother looked awful.  She still had her
witty good nature, though.  The nurses really loved her.  One morning
a nurse came and asked her, "Mrs. Done, are you ready for me to wash
your face off and get you ready for breakfast?"  Mother looked at her
and said, "No, I am not."  This really surprised the nurse, as Mother
had been so cooperative all the time.  She said, "But don't you want me
to get you cleaned up for breakfast?"  Mother replied, "Yes, I do, but
I want you to leave my face on."  The nurse really got a kick out of that._

_Olive and I took turns staying with Mother.  They started giving her
more medication for her pain.  She went into a coma Sunday, and died
very peacefully that night, August 4, 1975._

_I came home as I had to get back to work.  Leola was feeling better so
she went to help Olive with selecting the casket, etc.  They picked out
a beautiful one.  There was a viewing at the mortuary there, then
Mothers body was sent to Mesa for the funeral and burial._

_Tom's son, Edwin and his wife lona, drove down for the funeral, bringing
Leola and Olive with them._

_Mother was beautiful in her casket. She had a smile on her face and
looked so peaceful._

_The funeral was very nice. The grandchildren and great grandchildren
took part in the service. So many people came. The family did so appreciate
everyone's kindness, and all the beautiful flowers._

_Mother had always expressed the desire to be buried in the Mesa City
Cemetery.  We were all so glad that it was possible to fulfill her wish._

_Another thing that made us happy was the position of a tree right at the
head of her grave.  There was never anyone who loved trees more than
she did._

_She loved Joyce Kilmer's poem, 'Trees'.  Often, when looking at a
tree, Mother would say, "Poems are made by fools like me, but only
God can make a tree."_
